appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via stack-data
attrs==21.4.0
    # via jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==5.0.0
    # via nbconvert
blis==0.7.7
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
catalogue==2.0.7
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typer
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
cymem==2.0.6
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
debugpy==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distro==1.7.0
    # via tabula-py
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
executing==0.8.3
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.15.3
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.31.2
    # via matplotlib
graphviz==0.19.1
    # via -r requirements.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.3
    # via requests
importlib-resources==5.7.1
    # via jsonschema
ipykernel==6.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
ipython==8.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jarowinkler==1.0.2
    # via rapidfuzz
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.1
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   spacy
joblib==1.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.2.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.0
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.2
    # via matplotlib
langcodes==3.3.0
    # via spacy
lxml==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pikepdf
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
murmurhash==1.0.7
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
nbclient==0.6.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.5.0
    # via notebook
nbformat==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.10
    # via widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.22.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blis
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   spacy
    #   tabula-py
    #   thinc
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pikepdf
    #   setuptools-scm
    #   spacy
pandas==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   tabula-py
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathy==0.6.1
    # via spacy
pdftotext==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pikepdf==5.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==9.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   pikepdf
pkgconfig==1.5.5
    # via -r requirements.in
preshed==3.0.6
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
prometheus-client==0.14.1
    # via notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.29
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.8.2
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pygments==2.11.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pypdf2==1.27.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2022.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
rapidfuzz==2.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.8.0
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via notebook
setuptools-scm==6.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   python-dateutil
smart-open==5.2.1
    # via pathy
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
spacy-legacy==3.0.9
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.2
    # via spacy
srsly==2.4.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
stack-data==0.2.0
    # via ipython
tabula-py==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
terminado==0.13.3
    # via notebook
thinc==8.0.15
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via setuptools-scm
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typer==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
typing-extensions==4.2.0
    # via pydantic
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via requests
wasabi==0.9.1
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-loggers
    #   thinc
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
widgetsnbextension==3.6.0
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.8.0
    # via importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
